welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna have another night out with
Fred Decker's 1986 classic night of the
creeps in the process of doing so if you
find yourself enjoying the video I'd
love to have you as a subscriber
let's get to it we opened on the event
horizon were a group of naked babies
with cauterized buttholes are engaged in
a fire fight
while the two aggressors try to blast
their way through a blast door the main
baby fires off a canister into space
meanwhile on Sorority Row Johnny takes
Pam to makeout point in his convertible
because he likes to be watched as
officer Ray warns the kids of a psycho
on the loose he's shook to see his ex
Pam so quickly in the arms of another
man they go to wish upon a flaming
canister which seems to touch down
nearby John drives to the trailhead and
hikes off in the search of a potential
space circus and they both suffered
horrible fates as Pam gets ax-murdered
while Johnny gets deep throated with
nobody watching flash-forward to 1986 we
see Chris and JC lamenting their social
status amidst a series of parties at
which they would likely never be invited
but when Chris spies his ideal woman
Leigh beeline for the beta house JC
proves to be the ultimate wingman
laying a distraction to gather intel on
Cynthia although she is dating someone
JC declines to tell Chris knowing he
would wuss out they figured the most
direct path to her heart is pledging
beta but they don't fit the type so
they're sent on what's intended to be an
impossible mission at the school's
secret lab we see scientists forget his
secret code so he gets on the horn with
his lab partner for help JC finishes him
off and the boys find themselves in a
room with a cadaver exactly what they
needed not one to look a gift horse in
the mouth JC starts hitting buttons to
free the specimen they begin to make off
with their prize but here en Amit's
causing them to run out screaming
instead and Johnny begins to transfer
his seed we transitioned to officer ray
reliving an old trauma now going by
Detective Cameron he's called to the
scene of the lab break-in he shows up
hits him with a one-liner and his
catchphrase thrill me
and then bust some chops about the
shoddy crime-scene work as he stubs a
butt out right in the middle of it
meanwhile the missing cadaver knowing
only the lust of his youth shows up at
Pam's room which is now occupied by
Cindy by the time the police show up
he's back to cadaver form but with a
bifurcated face giving the detective
flashbacks of axe wounds
the next morning Brad shows up looking
like an eerie and wet
dream upset the boys took the stunt so
far in front of the wrong house and
traumatizing his girl Cindy but they
confirmed they chickened out and when JC
gets a bit too mouthy Brad demonstrates
that he's the absolute worst breaking an
unspoken rule and Cindy breaks up with
him in stylish fashion the boys are then
picked up for questioning and Chris
promptly fesses up to their part of the
affair the story checks out and that the
witness saw them running from the scene
Sam's corpse while at the morgue
scientist wakes up mid autopsy spreading
his worms while they also sea slugs
skittering all over campus Cindy tries
to confide in the boys since no one
believes her story of walking cadavers
JC gives them some time alone as Chris
walks her home in the bathroom he's
confronted with the problem in ops to
set himself on fire to avoid being
forcibly entered he fails but discovers
in the process that fire is the solution
if only he could make it out of that
never mind back at the house Cindy's
made to feel stupid about her concerns
so she invites Chris to take her to the
Big Dance
Cameron hears everything and invites
Chris back to his bachelor pad for the
talk at which point he recounts his 1959
vengeance killing of the axe murderer
should you be telling me this probably
not his body in a plastic bag okay point
being he buried the psycho where the
housemothers cottage now resides and he
wants out the cops get the call and
begin a search of the surrounding area
but like always you don't find what
you're looking for until you stop
searching now there are all witnesses to
a reanimation and when the detective
pops his head like a pinata the sluggish
bounty therein meanwhile Chris finds a
tape JC left behind he feels the
critters creeping around inside of him
and reveals that fire is the key to
their destruction as a result he's opted
for self immolation Chris finds him near
the campus incinerator and this time JC
stays dead Chris runs to the detective
to share the good news and they head to
the armory where they have a longer than
necessary social interaction because a
good director gives dick Miller some
room to breathe they offer up shotgun
tradesies in order to requisition a
flamethrower on campus Cindy tries to
let Brad down easy as he becomes a slug
vending machine the boys show up just in
time to split his head open and fry the
contents Jaron runs upstairs to warn the
girls and gives a chance to utilize his
improvisational skills and when Karen
starts acting like a true Karen he's
nearly overtaken but goes Berserker mode
and comes through outside the kids are
successfully busting heads laying waste
to all the slug induced zombies
converging on their location they see
the slugs are all heading into the
basement when they arrive Cameron's
already
the situation under control and he gives
them a slow count to get out of there
before blowing himself they celebrate in
the aftermath as Cameron now hosts the
slugs saunters down the road and spills
his cranial contents into a nearby
cemetery and now is night of the creeps
one of several movies for which Fred
Dekker doesn't get nearly enough credit
if you enjoyed the video I'd love for
you become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching